updated info about NDES server name (#3514)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-aadj-sso-cert.md

3. Under **MANAGE**, click **Application proxy**.
4. Click **Configure an app**.
5. Under **Basic Settings** next to **Name**, type **WHFB NDES 01**.  Choose a name that correlates this Azure AD Application Proxy setting with the on-premises NDES server.  Each NDES server must have its own Azure AD Application Proxy as two NDES servers cannot share the same internal URL.

> 6. Next to **Internal Url**, type the internal fully qualified DNS name of the NDES server associated with this Azure AD Application Proxy.  For example, https://ndes.corp.mstepdemo.net).  This must match the primary hostname (AD Computer Account name) of the NDES server and ensure you prefix the Url with **https**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Next to **Internal Url**, type the internal, fully qualified DNS name of the NDES server associated with this Azure AD Application Proxy.  For example, https://ndes.corp.mstepdemo.net).  You need to match the primary host name (AD Computer Account name) of the NDES server, and prefix the URL with **https**.
```
